foreign
[Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Laughter] [Applause]
[Music]
oh yeah welcome back to satanic initiation lady
Babylon tonight we have permission to go forward with the investigation so we'll
be bringing up a couple of witnesses for whom we have applied subpoena on a
trans-dimensional level right we're calling up those Witnesses tonight one of them's hot sauce so we're going
to treat him that way we know he's on the inside we know he knows what they know
if you'd like he is the accountant so tonight we will
persecute prosecute push
our way into the temple doors open we
take the books home tonight ourselves yeah welcome
[Music]
fantastic so here we are and I'd like to have an introduction tonight to a good
good good witness this is Anthony I'm going to
bring you Anthony and I want you to just sit for a minute you know where else can you get this right where else can you
get this revived banquet that we're pursuing remember I had you guys last
two times we've been together it's been kind of intimate yeah we've
been into that right I didn't tell you I didn't tell you but we put sex drugs in
those communions that you partook of yeah and you might start getting your
memory back but before you do let's
play a game with Anthony Anthony could you uh could you enliven us
with the images that will bring us [Music]
foreign [Music]
[Music]
everything
right thanks Anthony uh you've pointed us on the way now
um if you can help us to bring forward um in Chains the
exalted Isaiah we will gladly put him to the questions
because you see there's a problem with the picture there's a problem
we have tonight an in with Isaiah because we want to find the
missing siren yeah we're looking for a siren and we know along the way in
Isaiah we know along the way are the Ono condo these oh what are
these guys yeah what we have so far description wise is we've got the phallus
of a donkey yes and the understanding
acute understanding and awareness of the drugs that they're using in their rights
these guys are tutors these guys are tutors but they're not
regular centaurs right they're actual tutors
um in a right that looks like it's coming through Thrace
yeah looks like it's coming through Thrace let's Let's uh let's find these guys this is
what we've been given tonight this is fantastic we've been given that ability to put him in the chair right so Anthony
Anthony help us bring up help us bring up Isaiah Anthony now many of you many
of you will get a little bit of a queasiness and this is going to be a
little bit rougher than normal but I need you to understand
right I need you to understand so um You've Been Told
something by the scholars and you can go Wikipedia all you want and you'll find
that you've been told the same thing um and you're reading the Bible you're
reading Isaiah and you thank your reading Isaiah but the sad fact is you're not
you are reading a Hebrew fabrication
brought to you through the eyes of a British king
yes that's what you're doing you're reading a text that doesn't exist
it had to be made up tonight we go to the Septuagint the
earliest form of this text the one that we have
that everybody was reading and quoting right it's all over Jesus's mouth did you think we came here for any other
reason then to further our case against Jesus right and trans-dimensional court
right no right that's what we do that's why we're here our cons and everything
we're gonna get some archons tonight love it okay so here we are um that's our way in to the Jesus is
through this Isaiah right he's one of the guys on the inside and he knows but
what happens is in the 10th century these maseries and everybody says
everybody says every America Hebrew Hebrew um I defy you to find for me
any genre just find a genre of Aramaic find a genre of literature in Hebrew
outside of what has been appropriated that you and I call the Old Testament now thanks to the kings of the
Christians yes Kings and popes love it love it we're going back to the
earliest form of the text there is no Aramaic there is no Hebrew this is a
Greek document and tonight we're going in that Temple when we're seizing that
document and the way we're going to do it is we're going to question Isaiah
right here right Salaam sit down right under duress we don't have to this
is this is satanic bro we don't have to pull any punches we'll get the truth out we'll get the truth out we want that
historical account we want that we get it through the language bring up that first give me that first text thanks
Anthony yeah but wild beast shall rest there and the houses shall be filled
with howling and monsters shall rest there and Devils shall dance there and seder's shall dwell there
yeah wait what I've never read that you've never read that no you've never
read that oh let me show you what you've been reading right this is the real
thing people there's no appropriation here tonight this is a rescue we're on a
rescue mission yeah we're gonna take back these texts go up go up to it bring them back to
their historical give me some of these English versions what what kind of this this is the Jubilee 2000
the Jubilee 2000 are you ready but desert creatures would lie down there
and their houses will be full of owls ostriches will also live are we in a zoo
are these the same verses Isaiah are these the same yeah it's indicating it's
the same it's hard to talk with a ball gag in your mouth isn't it here we go and their houses will be full of owls
ostriches also will live there and Shaggy goats well Frolic there these Shaggy goats
that are frolicking hyenas will howl and they're fortified town and jackals take
that down Jubilee Jubilee that's not okay that can't be right Jubilee that's that's not what the text says at all
Jubilee we're looking for Sirens we're looking for sirens and saters
that's what we're looking for is anybody else we've been doing the pocket thing right for those of you with ears to hear
watch the mystery watch the mystery give us another translation who is this one
by oh this is the new living but desert creatures will lie down there wait is
this does this God work for Orkin or something I don't understand and their houses will be full of owls ostriches
will live their Shaggy ghosts look they've got the same animals what's going on give me the next one who is that next one by it's this one yes
and the wild beasts of the island shall cry in their desolate house and dragons
in their Pleasant places and their time is near come wait we've got dragons keep
going keep going give me some of these oh give me some maybe we can oh here's one look this is the International
Children's Bible surely this one will give us oh ostriches
ostriches hyenas hyenas bring it bring it down it's starting to I'm starting to get queasy
this is Isaiah I'm asking you Isaiah for the 13th time I'm asking you to give me
the information where'd you get these ostriches buddy where'd you get the woman what wait here comes here comes
10th century it was why I didn't because you said a little bit louder for the jury 10th century
10th 10th Century that's when all those idiots go back to the Aleppo codex right
you see me dodged that they go back to the Aleppo codex and they're like oh it's aromatic oh
cool right no no no let's just go back to the Greek the Greek has the sirens
the Greek has the sirens and Sodom and Gomorrah oh love it love it that's good stuff we
don't want to we want to go there yeah that's right that's for you next it's all bad cops tonight right we don't have
to have good cops around when it involves the tax we get the information out that we need right can we go to
another couple translations here we have a couple more at the ending yeah oh here
but desert creatures will lie down there in the house will be full of vowels it's the same zoo that we've been going to
anybody else desert creatures a lot of jackals owls you know it just depends on which are you going to enter the north
side of the zoo you're going to enter this North Gate or the South Gate take that down North Gate of South and look
ostriches Shaggy goats and hyenas these guys are everywhere where do we get these things come up to the look you
know that I never ever bring up Hebrew because it has nothing to do with the
Greek text that we're working with right right okay wait kitties wait kitties
pull it down and then put it back up I forgot I forgot this is the part I like
best right hey kitties this is how it worked yeah there were
all of these books these Scrolls and they all had Hebrew on them it was
something called The Books of Moses and we translated those magically
magically under the alexandrian influence the ptolemies we translate
this we got 72 guys we got a couple from each tribe we sent them into rooms and
rabbis were like do it and all of a sudden each of them
wrote out a perfect exactly the same translation and that's what the
Septuagint is um and you don't believe that right because
you don't believe in fairy tales right we're classical philologists here
I don't care what the Theology of that is it's a bunch of crap yes this text this is originally Greek
text let's go back to it that's 10th Century stuff right the maserates came
along the maserites were like dude if we don't establish they're like dude if we
don't establish the holy power of the Hebrew
um then nothing belongs to us right you can't have your Orthodoxy if
your Hebrew isn't your holy language oh God yeah well 600 years before any of this
proto-hebrew ever appeared Greek was long established through the mycedeans
yeah linear a you guys with the Minoans you're behind you're behind get it done
get it done get it translated we did our part do yours fantastic let's keep going
um I want to take you to the beginning of Isaiah 13. I want to take you to the beginning yeah there we go I'm just
going to flash the text up there just for a minute so you can look at it and say oh yum this is yummy this is a
Septuagint for those of you who say you can read the Bible or you have read the Bible you haven't
and here's the proof that you have it because this is it this is it and what is the first word
look up in the core corner corner
look over here look at that first word oh love it let's
feel it together [Music] vision
vision the vision of Isaiah
the one he saw the one that was brought against Babylonians
against the great City Babylon this is his vision this is his vision blow it up there
Chewie thank you um bring that sign bring it bring the
sign raise the voice you Barkins are you hearing it raise the voice do not fear
summon me with your hand you can hear the rock and roll music
right in the background awesome yeah archons open the doors
right portals baby skies are opening pours right at the beginning Isaiah you
junkie you sick sex drug taking junkie yeah here we go we got it no no it's
okay it's gonna be entered into evidence right we're taking it back we're taking it back
I'm gonna put things right right these are my Sanctified I'm gonna lead them
what's gonna happen are you ready here it is here it is here's Jehovah and all
his might come through the oracular ritual right coming through and what's
he saying boom boom boom gigantes
yeah Giants are coming Giants are coming Giants are going yeah ones that at the
same time are gonna take joy they're gonna be gone take joy while they kill
you well they kill you Can You Feel The Evangelical fervor
bring up the Evangelical forever right all of you evangelicals now I'm
dressing you a lot of the Catholics that are charismatic too a lot of the Catholics that are more
like they're Baptist Brothers yeah you know who I'm talking about yeah
all you over stay guys you guys who want the Latin Mass by the way the the wettest Latina is
older than the is older than the um any of those Hebrew texts that we've got
right that were later right manufactured isn't that a surprise
yeah no look at the language of the Book of Genesis and you'll find out who the
influences were linguistically and it's not what you think it's not what you think
take the text back right take the text this great belongs to us it belongs to
us we have to take care of it we serve the muse
right what cult do you have we've got the cult of the Muse going right it's gorgeous I want to read to
you a couple of verses right I want to read you a couple of verses wow Chewie
flashes up things that are meant for your programming behold
you
um hey look what's coming it's coming the day of the Lord foreign
what's coming the passion is coming his destruction is coming right
it's coming what is he gonna do he's gonna turn the oil cool [Music]
and every evangelism just got so happy they just got so happy said behold the
land the Lord you all die you all die
yes love it it's that great flocks right
that great flocks what oh I'm sorry that's an ancient mystery term that's in
the text that you don't know how to translate so you don't know blah blah blah that's what you get for having
Scholars that suck right so say the Watchers having my conversation the other day
with the Watchers again I'm like dude you know I don't know
um if they really do we are we going all the way or you know it's like well they're teachers man but what kind of
teachers they've got look what kind of teachers they've got go on Wikipedia look up the septuagen
look at what kind of teachers you've got look at what the scholars come to the
biblical Scholars those great biblical Scholars that haven't I was trying to I was working with the
potentially student yeah letting them know that I wasn't going to teach him New Testament unless he read everything
around it unless he had an ad extreme to drink from unless he could bring homer
which is being taught in the first century unless he could bring Homer right I think it was overwhelming for
him right you got to know the level of commitment you have to your sources
we're investigators man this is not a game do you see me do You See Me selling
T-shirts I'm not here to sell t-shirts right it's not a game this is the
initiation get back on that Throne love it okay I want to read to you a little bit more of
my versology yeah behold the day of the Lord right right he's gonna destroy you all right
for the Stars the stars of Uranus and then Orion and
the cosmos and wait a minute those of you who have been with us from the beginning all of a
sudden he's speaking your language how is this possible how is this Prophet taste do you realize
the word Prophet is a Greek word do you realize the word synagogue is a
Greek word huh do you see why the masserates very
intelligently said if we're going to own this material we've got to create a
Hebrew original King James picked that up and ran with it he was like it's all good with me
and then everybody after him even in Wycliffe you know everybody gets
those Wycliffe translators um they give them such Kudos kudos for
you guys you Wick of translators look what you've done your translation sucks
it sucks yes fantastic yeah why
because it's a science and you have to you know we're all scientists sitting
here and you have to exercise discretion
scientific discretion with these sources you have to pull up the language and let
the language give you the the amino acids that are your basis for Life yeah
it's gorgeous okay this the Isaiah open your mouth again take off that take off
that dead prophet's ball gag no don't do that don't use that I'm just kidding I
wouldn't do that once you've got somebody in that position you gotta wait for all the drugs to wear off anyway
right okay um Babylon right it keeps going on about Babylon until we get to verse 21.
21. do we have those up here bring us verse 21 up there for the 21 and 22. 21
and 22. yeah this is fantastic Kai on a pause
there's gonna be Theory out there remember the theory act that we talked about there's going to be Thalia who are
establishing themselves there yeah and what are they doing they're causing the ehu
those places of dwelling are filled with the a who the a who the echo
okay remember we're in the mystery we're performing the mystery we've got people
who are using the echo and there on a pause
there are set up the city next give us a siren here she is finally right you
didn't know there were sirens in the Bible right you're like no nobody showed me that one here it is Sirens bring us
the siren um it's the definition of Alice I smell Alice Alice no that's almost there
um siren give me a siren oh here she is foreign
gorgeous gorgeous sirens and look oh it's this involves trickery
don't be surprised if the sirens are able to charm you look at their names what are the names of those Sirens
they're always the Charming voice the Charming song and when I say Charming I don't mean Prince Charming right I'm not
talking about Henry Cavill right I'm talking about
confusing you yes I'm talking about putting you into a state giving you some drugs drugs that
make you think about Aphrodite that's what I'm thinking about doing because this is Amazonian Traditions
we're propagating remember when the amazonians take their husbands you know what they do they're not called
husbands they're called maters and they go out and they chase them down
they chase them down this can happen when you've got people with poisons yeah
and the poison arrow that's the way to remember remember those Archer s's you
know they're good there's Medusa they use those drugs effectively you get that
cup from her you're going to enter death bro remember Jesus in the garden he's like in the cemetery who's that naked
boy boom 28 minutes I did it that kid that naked kid that he's with
right he's all like Stumbling In the Beginning he's like confused and he's like oh I don't want to take this cup
right right because he knows what it's gonna do he knows what it's gonna do
he was tripping when he died he was tripping
autopsy reports Jesus gonna be full just wait they're gonna be full I know
it's not our department right we'll let the science boys work with that one right we're just here to work on our
subpoena right come bring that information forward so we've got Sirens we've got Sirens get us back to Sirens
here they are here are witnesses are you ready Sirens bring them up bring them up
go go back down give me a little more Alice right there right there yep one below one below I want you to see the
verb that this comes from it's one of the you know they talk about the etymology of siren what's it what it
means but it has to do with that sparkling star are you surprised to find
out that the stars are there it's in the text of Isaiah he's using it hello the
constellations are there hello right this is burning hot and scorching go to
the next one yeah to Sparkle or twinkle isn't that nice to
burn in a visual way yes yes nice they can cause you to wander do you remember
the girl in the mythrak right that we were initiating you remember her
she became a fellow Wanderer she became a fellow Wanderer yes what
we're seeing in Isaiah is that right and it is from the Vantage
of those who would bring it to an end who would bring it to an end
who else do we have there in this right let's bring up the Greek from the 2123
21-22 yeah here we go here we go love it love it look at right before verse 22
what are they doing they're dimonia there did you know they were Timonium no you
thought you were in a zoo with ostriches I just wanna can I relish take that down
break we'll bring it back over a second I just want to Relish in this for one second right over all of you pastors
over all of you priests over all of you teachers Bible scholars brilliant people
following the Traditions you mononomials and trinomials and and fart blastics and
Fantastics you guys are you guys are all part of the sex that are the best
right and you guys bring it and none of you none of you even knew that your zoo was
a creation thrown in front of your face none of you knew that you were living in a simulation you pastors have stood up
there in those pulpits and you've braced the holy word of God to cleanse by the
blood of Christ the sins of humanity you've brought them forward and you've watched them born again and none of you
know that the rights were rights of sirens you thought you were going to a
zoo full of ostriches I hear the Jackal exhibit is nice if you'd like to go there
yeah yeah Welcome to the Real Welcome to the Real let's see what else
we've got there besides the chorus there's a chorus does anybody see there's a chorus
oh my goodness that's what's causing that Echo can you hear it we're there at
the right now shut up if you don't no the sacred gramata
if you don't silence silence silence good let's go
back to 21 22. let's finish it off oh my God look at 22. there's oh no can tell
right there yeah you know what that is the oh no there is the ass
the ass donkey donkey
donkey is what Ezekiel tells us is the
shape of their private parts the ones
the girl wants [Music] right here we are
do you want to get involved in this right you know when you dedicate your daughter to the temple right
all those requests that she's had bring out Henry Cavill
right bring him out it's okay it's okay we made him a eunuch right he's yeah
he's been how does he spend his days in a dress it's lingerie and the rules
still stand we come this way to satanic initiation through lingerie
and a platinum wig love it absolutely love it there's a reason there's a
reason so here we are back to that verse we've got the Ono can tell Roy
and you know they're gonna have a good time with them you know what I mean go hit it
um
so there's these accinoids that are setting up there yeah
there's some let's go back to the accus What is the accus
this one this one gets the treatment you know and people are hilarious with this one people are hilarious because
um they don't want to bother with the scientific stuff do you see the first
reference that's up here it's Nic that's nikanders guess what th stands for
that's just theriac so if you're gonna penetrate this you
better know about priests you better know about drugs yeah this is fantastic you see that
Viper sitting there you see that Viper sitting there you know how they normally translate
this you know some kind of spine animal with you know Hedgehog or something like that
oh my God what are the who are the egg you know anyway you know who the akinoid
are in the Greek those people from the ionian sea right did you guys forget we were in
history no you didn't all right fantastic we're in history the Bible scholars do they forget because
you know they got their mind in fairy tale world jumping up and down Aramaic
right I don't see an Aramaic when I go home go home this is ours and here they
are here they are oh lovely so you see we've got those seders
we've got those seders no seders and those Sirens have you ever heard of
siren sing she will bewitch you with her voice you will not return
from her concert yeah you will not return from her concert you think
everybody goes home not when you go see the siren
yeah sirens sirens and seders
lots of Rights bringing the orge bringing that wrath he's going to
destroy him just like he did Sodom just like he did Sodom when you see
the abomination of desolation
when you see it in the temple
Run to the Hills Run to the Hills thank you for coming tonight we will
have a time a little time tonight that we're going to uh on Discord we're going
to do um you know what can only be described as a form of initiation
we are going to resurrect the ghost
of Lord Byron who was a herofant surprise surprise
he was a hair fan and we will work with his work his play his short one actor
called Cain a mystery and we will go back to
Sodom but we will go on the next level back to Sodom we will go
back to the oracular inquiry
with individuals speaking directly to the devil directly to the devil you have
a chance you have a chance through the spirit of Lord Byron to speak directly to the devil and for the devil
to talk to you on a personal one-to-one basis
contract will be involved yes a contract will be
involved just for the back of your mind those of you who have ears to hear and
have been in the initiation or seated now with that goofy all around you right you will understand the contract
without even visualizing the verbal contract right
you'll understand the motion the physics of that fantastic here we are
um what do we do tonight we took Isaiah back right we took Isaiah back and we
showed you what he was about you weren't going to get that from any church or any synagogue in the world
you're not going to get it but we have it sitting right here have it right here in our text available it's my job to
give you access to those works
for those of you who be joining us I'll take 30 minutes to rest and to
recharge and I'll be right there for those of you who are just visiting for
the initiation tonight thank you thank you let the scholars
let the scholars be knowledgeable cognizant of their own
shortcomings let Isaiah speak in the court as witness
to the rights the rights that link us to the reason that Jesus was arrested in a public park
at 4 am in the presence of a naked boy screaming I am not a child trafficker
have a good weekend hail Satan drinking whiskey
[Music] [Applause]
oh [Music] [Applause] [Music]